Ruhnon
Human (Lawful Good)
Hit Points: 30 | AC: 5
Level 5 Wizard (Evo/Invoker) 
Opps: Ench/Charm, Conj/Summ
Bonuses: +1 ST against Invocations cast by others
	Others suffer a -1 when making a saving throw against my Invoker spells
Intelligence score of 16 or higher gains a 10% bonus to the experience points he earns.

Dex 12
Wis 8
Str 12
Cha 11
Con 16
Int 17

Info: Int gives you 6 languages
Dwarven, Elvish, Gnomish, Giant, Goblin, Lizardman

Spell Cap: 8th level spells
Chance to learn spells 90% (Invoker), 60% (All others)

Weapon Prof:
Daggers

Occupation: Scribe Secondary Skills: 4+#langs+1 = 11
Basic Math
Reading/Writing Int+1 = 18
Ancient History Int-1 = 16
Local History Cha+0 = 11
Herbalism Int-2 = 15
Spellcraft Int-2 = 15
Swimming Str+0 = 12
Heraldry Int+0 = 17
Cooking Int+0 = 17
Riding Land-based Wis+3 = 11
Direction Sense Wis+1 = 9
Etiquette Cha+0+1 = 12

Spells Cast @ 5th Lvl
1st: 5
2nd: 3
3rd: 2


Backstory:
Social Class: Middle-Middle Class (Uncle is Barnath the Blue)
I am the 4th Child and as such the least important. The runt of the litter who was used as a spell experimentation dummy.

Information:
Buy and Trade Scolls: Pelanor(Wizard in Lectin), Brun Parnath(My master), Quagarious, White Wizard(Eden Rock)

Notes:
Rolling with the Adelations
Working with Rufiellus in O'Lete, he's the brother of Brune Parnath.
I've been here for that last 7 years while the main party has been doing their thing.
Brun and Rufus talking about fortifying the
Brune needs: Pearls, wolfsbane, sulfur powder, magnesium metal. 
Brune seeking contract with Pelanor 
Quebloh the quartermaster
Brodin Feelus- wears robes, is anxious, sells exotic components for magic, seeking audience with Brune
	selling: diff colored sands, ashes, bones of a cleric, plans of fire beetles, talons of hawk and griffon, cobra snake skin, feathers of different colors, lizard scales, gems, and jewlery, more extreme pelts, Blink-dog pelt (so he says) 
Selling: Pearls for 130 Gold each
Jarvick - chain mail shirt, relaxed


Rumors: Palwootan woman (Lillian) -lives at the Fishery on the lake- came to Brune and said something stole her child? Ancient history is that pixies steal children. The adelations thinks that the half elves steal children. Faeri people are chaotic, and adelations are taught to avoid them. Faeri mounds and toad stool rings can take you as slaves for a number of years.

Lord Jacob Malthus has been granted land to the WEST of O'Lete - will be given the barrony- need to make suyre all of Brunes land is tracked on map and ensured. Silver mine is still in our hands? Malthus clearing the lands and buildiung his manor house. 
Believe there's a black dragon in the swamp. 
Dwarves to the East
Ruins of the temple of Zeus citadel being built.
	- Church has a problem with wolves to the northeast. (darius victalis)
	- Southern caravn from Ogelby hasnt arrived, dude is out of Gallos candles, can some1 in village make them, scented with frankincense. 30 candles. 
	- need frankencense, giant bee honey (4-5 tbsp), silk threading (5 crown for the labor for candles)
	- tap the botswana tree for frankinsence inthe mountain needs to be tapped in spring.

Malthus:
Lawful, not necessarily good. Granted land to clear. 

O' Liete History:
Adellations came from the east, conquered O'Liete and conquered the Palwootans there. 

O' Liete People:
Hefferin south of the village has cattle bordering the forest.
Mavis Davis, barkeep lady at the Lion's Den.

O' Liete Inns = [Lions Den, Pig pen]
O' Liete Friends:
Cyrryin - Good gambler, good w horses, Orange Hair, prob a rogue
Allistar Villowick (Allareste) - Falconer for Lord Brune, Blonde curly hair, 
Althadinus - House Musician Luthier, young
Sgt Antoninus Bollontini - Human decent guy, likes to drink, Lawful, Blacksmit, good with ropes and leather, sword fighter

Wall guards: 
Lichus, Pelios, Niko

Came from small village outside parnaths landing
X-roads, Eden Rock, Swamp (goblins), donkey men silver mine on top of the mountain

Faetheray, Necromancer, Quagrius:
Faetheray told Qualgrius that Black Robe Necromancer put the boy's souls in a Horcrux - a container for souls. Necromancer has sent doppelgangers to O'Liete.
Quagrius tells me to tell the boys that he misses them, he loves them, he wishes them all the best and may Melieke bless them. 

Quagrius has sent me as his messenger to guide Quintan and Galron to find and slay the necromancer.
Quagrius binds the Doppleganger creature in a rune circle lined with silver, inscribed with silver runes. 
Do not let Galron speak with Faetherae, she is very logical and cold. Galron will not understand them. Have someone speak to her in a more logical manner.


To the North of Faetherae's grove:
Something - a dragon - lives in the mountains of the dragon hills. 
Giants also live to the North

To the West of Faetherae's grove:
The swamp of Belaran - the great wasteland. Belaran was once a kingdom cursed by God there is a castle there - a great fortress. Past the swamps on the western edge of belaran becomes the realm of men. At the edge, there is a 

Kalis - The mace of Kunikai shaped like a scepter made of the kings of old. The duke of a long wasted kingdom, cursed, the darkknight. For they delved into old arcane knowledge of wizardry. They opened a rift in the earth. Vilakonis-maw the duke awaits there at a rift in the earth. We must return with his head. 

